Updated "Scrollable content can be reached with sequential focus navigation" [0ssw9k]: scrollable regions pass when there is an open modal (#2219)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/scrollable-element-keyboard-accessible-0ssw9k.md

## Expectation

> Each test target is either included in [sequential focus navigation][] or has a [descendant][] in the [flat tree][] that is included in [sequential focus navigation][], unless the test target is [inert][].

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** should we switch that to an alternative list?
```suggestion
For each target element, at least one of the following is true: 
- the element is included in [sequential focus navigation][]; or 
- the element has a [descendant][] in the [flat tree][] that is included in [sequential focus navigation][]; or
- the element is [inert][].
```

> Each test target is either included in [sequential focus navigation][] or has a [descendant][] in the [flat tree][] that is included in [sequential focus navigation][], unless the test target is [inert][].

Reviewer: **Issue:** Looks like the link to `[inert]` is missing.

<section style="height: 100px; width: 500px; overflow: scroll;" tabindex="0">
	<h1>WCAG 2.1 Abstract</h1>
	<p>
		Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 covers a wide range of recommendations for making Web content more
		accessible. Following these guidelines will make content more accessible to a wider range of people with
		disabilities, including accommodations for blindness and low vision, deafness and hearing loss, limited movement,
		speech disabilities, photosensitivity, and combinations of these, and some accommodation for learning disabilities
		and cognitive limitations; but will not address every user need for people with these disabilities. These guidelines
		address accessibility of web content on desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile devices. Following these guidelines
		will also often make Web content more usable to users in general.
		<button id="ppButton" onclick="openDialog()">Read more about WCAG 2.2</button>
	</p>
</section>
<dialog id="ppDialog" aria-labelledby="dialogLabel">
	<h2 id="dialogLabel">WCAG 2.2</h2>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/">WCAG 2.2</a>
	</p>
	<button id="cancel" onclick="ppDialog.close()">Cancel</button>
</dialog>

> <script>

Reviewer 2: Do we need this line (and line 146)?
I don't think so, but just wanting to make sure.

Author: The intention was to create a real case scenario, but I’m fine with removing them if we believe they could cloud the outcome.

	const openDialog = () => {
		ppDialog.showModal();

> 		myFrame.tabIndex = '-1'

Reviewer 2: Do we need this line (and line 149)?
I don't think so, but just wanting to make sure.

Author: The intention was to create a real case scenario, but I’m fine with removing them if we believe they could cloud the outcome.
